Wrote documentation for Marc-to-Instance mapping processor (#192)
folio-org/mod-source-record-manager: README.md

## Data import workflow

> There are 2 ways to import records into source-record-storage based on source-record-manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two ways to import records into source-record-storage via source-record-manager.
```

* The first way is basically used by UI application - user has to upload file and start file processing, mod-data-import provides API for this functionality, see [FileUploadApi](https://github.com/folio-org/mod-data-import/blob/master/FileUploadApi.md) and [File processing API](https://github.com/folio-org/mod-data-import/blob/master/FileProcessingApi.md).
* The second way is intended to import records using CLI tools - Postman, curl, SoapUI. This option is preferred if user wants to process records directly without uploading files, and mod-source-record-manager provides API for this.

> In both 2 ways mod-source-record-manager does mapping from MARC records to Inventory instances and sends instances to the mod-inventory. For more details see [RuleProcessorApi](RuleProcessorApi.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In both ways mod-source-record-manager maps MARC records to Inventory instances and sends instances to mod-inventory. For more details see [RuleProcessorApi](RuleProcessorApi.md).
```
